>> Bianca Gandolfo: We're just
gonna jump into exercises.
The first thing is,
if you did not finish your string
exercise, I encourage you to finish that.
Second thing is, where are the exercises?
Let me tell you,
they are not there, they are here,
thank you, reload, and
let me just make sure that this
link even works.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Nope,
that's not even the right one.
We need to go to this one.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Here we are,
we are here.
All right, so we click on this link,
ooh, it's working.
Look at that.
So here are the links to your exercises.
We're gonna do 1 and 2.
Yeah, 3 and 4 are gonna be for
later this afternoon.
So there is some notes here on the bottom.
There's some exercises bundled with these
data structures that you might not be
able to complete until further study.
So that just know, I have note on which
ones are gonna be unreasonable if you
don't know the specific algorithm.
But everything else should be good to go,
yeah.
So you're gonna implement these data
structures, not using an array,
but also not using a string, okay,
because we don't really use a string now.
It's just a thought exercise.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool?
So any ideas of what we might
use if we can't use a string,
and we can't use an array?
>> Speaker 2: An object?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Bingo, an object.
That's my only clue, all right?
This is harking back to my Scooby Doo
mystery board game, that's my clue for
you.
>> Speaker 3: I'm [INAUDIBLE].
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right.
You have a question?
>> Speaker 3: Can you repeats that last.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: The clue is,
instead of using a string, use an object.
You cannot use an array.
Yeah.